2019-05 Agenda

| Agenda Item  	|  Notes/Documents to be Tabled |
| ------- | ------------- |
| 1.1 Welcome/Apologies |  Welcome from Pembleton, Keith (USQ) |
| 1.2 Review Minutes | Attached - 2019-03 Minutes |
| 2. Science/Software	 |  |
|2.1 Check for new APSIM Major Improvements | GitHub MAJOR science issues since last RP meeting <br> GitHub ALL science issues since last RP meeting |
| 2.2  Updates from RP on models and reviews | ALL issues tagging APSIM Initiative Reference Panel<br/>Models under development - https://github.com/APSIMInitiative/ApsimX/labels/major<br/>Sorghum model - https://github.com/APSIMInitiative/ApsimX/issues/572<br>any others need noting or discussion?<br/><br/>Models currently under review -https://github.com/APSIMInitiative/ApsimX/labels/underreview<br/>Fodder beet model - https://github.com/APSIMInitiative/ApsimX/issues/78<br/>White Clover model - https://github.com/APSIMInitiative/ApsimX/issues/2069<br>CLEM  - https://github.com/APSIMInitiative/ApsimX/issues/3575<br/>AgPasture - https://github.com/APSIMInitiative/ApsimX/issues/3689<br><br>any new models requiring review?<br>Models/Updates in release since last RP meeting |
| 2.3  Update from AI SC meeting in March | * Paper "Audit of APSIM papers containing models (and/or improvements) not in an APSIM release"<br/>- Development plan  (updates and days vs hours issue)<br/> - Funded Projects - Stock Model - to be reviewed out of session<br/> - Request for report on AI funded software position at each SC meeting<br/>- Request for update of GitHub process and RP Meeting structure/changes<br/>- Request for updates on conversations/workshops/activities â€“ arising out of the RP Strategy session related to encouraging cross fertilisation  (and updates/actions arising from these) - including phosphorous developments<br> - HB and GH working on "next gen documentation" 	|
| 2.4. Software	|  Move APSIM Classic into continuous release<br>Comment from Pete deV - point release remains at 7.10, and links to upgrade to the latest bugfix are sent to registered users as required / desired".<br> Dean - this may entail a list of registered users being kept on bob so that when (if?) a release is built, users are notified.<br> The RP may wish to discuss how this continually changing apsim should be "referenced". |
| 3.  Training	| Agreement on APSIM Week Dates |
| 4. Web Site/communications | |
| 5. Website/Communications	| Updates; new articles<br>Discussion on RG Trial 	|
| 6. Other Business	| Update from Brown, Hamish (Plant and Food) on the "Crop Model word description for APSIM"<br>acknowledgement guidelines - https://github.com/APSIMInitiative/ApsimX/issues/3813#issuecomment-488866569<br>
| Next meeting | Discussion of Date - Pembleton, Keith (USQ) unavailable for next 3 meetings |
